Added a table to help more quickly mentally model range operators (#31223)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/member-access-operators.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/shared/MemberAccessOperators.cs" id="Ranges":::

As the preceding example shows, expression `a..b` is of the <xref:System.Range?displayProperty=nameWithType> type. In expression `a..b`, the results of `a` and `b` must be implicitly convertible to <xref:System.Int32> or <xref:System.Index>.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Implicit conversions from `int` to `Index` will throw the <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException> when the value is negative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Implicit conversions from `int` to `Index` throw an <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException> when the value is negative.
```

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/shared/MemberAccessOperators.cs" id="RangesOptional":::

> There are several ways to express range operators. Please consider the descriptions from the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows various ways how you can express collection ranges:
```

| Range operator expression | Description                                                                          |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `..`                      | All values in the collection.                                                        |

> | `..{end}`                 | Values from the start to the `{end}` exclusively.                                    |

Reviewer: @IEvangelist do you want all the descriptions to follow the same pattern?
If not, then for the cases with only one boundary specified, the description can be different. For example, here: 

> First `{end}` values of the collection.

`a..`:

> All values in the collection except the first `a` values

Said that, using the same pattern for all rows may be beneficial as well.

Author: I'm not sure, but I'm open to whatever you and @BillWagner think would make the most sense. I initially leaned towards the same pattern for the descriptions, as I wanted the distinction to be obvious from the wording alone. Which way do you prefer?

Reviewer: @IEvangelist @BillWagner what about combining both approaches:

> Values from the start to the `{end}` exclusively. That is, first `{end}` values of the collection.

Author: Pushed changes, are we all good with this?

Reviewer: @IEvangelist I have no more comments, all is fine to me. Thank you for this PR, I think both the table and examples greatly improve and clarify this section of the docs!

| `{start}..`               | Values from the `{start}` inclusively to the end.                                    |
| `{start}..{end}`          | Values from the `{start}` inclusively to the `{end}` exclusively.                    |

> | `^{start}..`              | Values from the `{start}` inclusively to the end starting from the end.              |

Reviewer: That maybe confusing: my first understanding was that "starting from the end" means "in the reverse order".  Maybe introduce `Length` and use it instead?

Reviewer: For me that was hard to grasp because "starting from the end" refers to "`{start}`", while there is text between them. So connection is not immediate.

Reviewer 2: Maybe "counting from the end" rather than "starting from the end"?  What do you both think?

Reviewer: I like "counting from the end"

| `..^{end}`                | Values from the start to the `{end}` exclusively counting from the end.              |
| `{start}..^{end}`         | Values from `{start}` inclusively to `{end}` exclusively counting from the end.      |

> | `^{start}..^{end}`        | Values from `{start}` inclusively to `{end}` exclusively both counting from the end. |

Reviewer: My another concern here is using the words "start" and "end" in two different meanings: (1) start and end of a collection, (2) names of range boundaries. If somebody read out this table to me, I doubt I would understand it correctly. I must SEE the text to understand it correctly. So it's not audio-friendly. 

What do you think about `a..b` or `s..e` notation (then also no need in braces, I guess)?

Author: I agree. At first, I thought it would be nice to use the same wording as the boundary terms themselves, that way you could quickly identify which are variables in the expression. I wanted something more descriptive than just a single letter, at first I had `{n}`, or `{n1}` and `{n2}`.

Reviewer: I agree that more descriptive names would be nice, but `start` and `end` may be confusing.
By the way, why do you use the braces? One may think that those are part of an expression as well (or I'm overcautious here?)

Author: I removed them, but they're pretty common when calling out parameters in expressions, no?

Reviewer: @IEvangelist thank you; hm, I don't how frequent they are

> To help visualize the various ways to express these, the following code uses an array with values one through ten, performs all of the possible range operator expressions, and shows their corresponding result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the effect of using all the ranges presented in the preceding table:
```
